so we're gonna go surprise Emir mark
Marty oh ma we should check it I think
it's in the description of some of our
videos ok Mars coming back from blue
suit and he doesn't know we're gonna go
surprise him at the airport
what so we might be like an hour early
tomorrow so you probably doesn't know
what play Neeson just
we just missed them
I wanted to leave early for the first
time on ITP wanted to leave late
hopefully he's coming so we might have
missed him his flight landed 25 minutes
early between landed 15 minutes ago
we've been here for 5 minutes
there has been no snapshot from Maura
there before amar has probably not
landed because any big event in Omar's
life it goes in snapchat I just answered
it was good just landed
all right it's a new one oh yeah we
didn't miss him
yes this is
yeah oh my god is that it uh-huh second
do the facial hair Anders did we lose
him already
yep only been what 30 minutes I'm back
back home dude that was like so hard but
so like just gave me this cake just like
even yeah even like work hard man let's
go me justin trudeau dude yeah this is
handy Oh back to the hustle before so
clean
oh yeah we bought a broom I guess we did
that for us